Palestinians have now endured 100 days
of War already the worst in gaza's
history in the latest Israeli air
strikes 30 people including several
children were killed in a residential
building in Gaza City another attack in
Rafa killed 14 The War Began with
hamas's attacks in southern Israel on
October the 7th when around
1,200 people were killed more than 500
is soldiers have been killed most of
them in the initial Hamas attacks at
least
23,8 143 Palestinians have been killed
and more than 10,400 of them have been
Children gaza's Health Ministry says
nearly 340 health workers are amongst
the dead and at least
117 journalists well despite growing
International outrage the Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is saying
that that no one will stop his country
from continuing the war get are the
latest now from hany mmud he joins us
from Rafa in southern Gaza so Hanny 100
days of near constant shelling shortages
of food medicine shelter it's beyond
imaginable for most of us how are people
coping
yes well it's not a question about how
people are coping it's a question about
whether people have any other options or
not and so far Palestinians in Gaza
Strip particularly this small part of
the of the Gaza Strip in southern in the
southern part have no other choice but
to uh uh to to to accept what's going on
and which there is a a a problem with
that people do not want to get to the
point where they acques with their
suffering and misery they want an end to
this but the conditions on the ground
are created to further the misery and
the suffering and to push them into
accepting it and there is no other
choice uh to it so far we're not looking
at death and destruction just the sheer
level of Destruction to cities and towns
and and public facilities to the point
making the entire Gaza trip particularly
the northern part in Gaza uninhabitable
and it created the conditions of making
it unbearable
unable but we're looking at
completely dire humanitarian situations
with acute shortage of food water and
medical supplies and and and and
conditions created on the ground making
the the humanitarian Aid of process
broken as a progressive American Senator
describe it as a broken aid process in
the Gaza Strip when he was commenting uh
in front of Congress H but there is also
a growing concern and an overwhelming
fear right now among 1.5 displaced
Palestinians in the southern part here
in Rafa City there are reports about
Israeli plans of taking over the
borderline between Egypt and Gaza better
known the Philadelphia Corridor if that
happens it will force the
1.5 1.5 million people uh into further
displacement and the fact that this area
is overcrowded a single missile could
kill hundreds of people we're talking
about a very overcrowded fully packed
area very close to the borders from
where I'm standing right here we're
talking about at least half a half
kilometer away from the border line the
very border line the Israeli military is
talking about and has set a plans to
take over it the situations are not
becoming easier in fact they're becoming
more difficult and just get worse in
each passing day and hany the strikes
continue the Israeli bombing of the Gaza
Strip tell us about the latest places
that have been
hit yes well so far we're looking at the
an ongoing aerial bombardment along with
artillery Shilling of the eastern border
of Rafa un and the Central Area there
also overnight attacks on the city of
Baha and B hanun what seems to be the
Israeli military continuing its uh a
process of raising more agriculture land
and destroying remaining residential
buildings in the area again consistent
with the plan of establishing a buffer
zone and making the part in the Norther
in the north of Gaza uninhabitable
completely but in the central part of
Gaza we're looking at city of darel
balah within the vicinity of Al AA
Hospital the only remaining health
facility in the area and an area was
described and designated safe for
Palestinians to evacuate to as of these
days becoming increasingly dangerous and
risky and with the total communication
and phone service black out it's very
difficult to get uh exactly exact
figures of the casualties in the central
area and B city anhan unit but so far
we're expecting a high number within the
coming hours as there were massive
aerial bombardment on particularly
aloria Fiji Al magazi as well as Eastern
of Dar bah City and within the vicinity
of ala hospital here in RAF City very
close to the vicinity of this Hospital
yna neighborhood yna a refugee a camp a
small refugee camp in southern Rafa City
where six people were reported injured
uh no death was reported as a result of
a drone attacks on a residential homes
in the southern part of of Raa City the
bombings continues the pounding
continues there are more people are are
killed more people under the rebels and
uh further humanitarian uh conditions
made difficult on the ground uh for
people right now okay hany Mahmud
reporting there from Rafa in southern
Gaza thanks very much
hany